{So in the norming study you
will see two types of pictures,
and we'll start with the first
type, which are complex scenes.}
{We asked that you imagine
you're describing the scene to
someone who cannot see the
picture. Describe what is
happening and what you see in
this scene as thoroughly as
possible, and I'll let you know
when it's about 5 minutes, but
take between three and five
minutes to describe a long
time.}
{Yeah. OK. OK. So the first one,
it's right here.}
{OK. You want me to just start
talking? Yes, whenever you OK.}
#START_unfriendly_giant This
looks like a.
Book for probably for children
that's open to.
Both the left and the right
screen. So it's inside of a book
and it's got colors of of what
they call the unfriendly giants
have to do with Waldo and the
wizard White Beard. They came to
the land of unfriendly giants,
where many waldos had been
before.
Now I'm going to guess that some
of these pictures of these
people, these drawings, these
colored cartoon drawings, are
maybe waldos.
Because it says they've been
there before, and Waldo saw that
the Giants were hardly harassing
the little people, and when he
found the 10th scroll, it was
time to continue with his
journey.
So basically it's like.
An old time.
Caricature of these giants and
Waldo.
And the giant for very mean
they're harassing little people.
There's little people in the
corners of the screen and in the
bottom.
And the big people seem like
they're harassing them and.
You know, left, right. But the
lady with her hand up against
someone who's coming up against
her, a gentleman, I don't know
if I know, I call him a
gentleman if he's harassing her.
uh two two pictures are like
that. One on the left and one on
the right. And we've got some
other people, I guess you call
people. They're more like
monsters.
They are.
spinning something at people
like using straws to.
To hurt them with water, water,
it's very interesting.
There's a chess board where they
might have the little people
actually moving on the chess
board.
There's a lot of trees and
there's a windmill.
It's nothing I've ever seen
before in my life. I mean, sure,
I've seen books like this, but.
Mostly it's.
Something I'm just making up as
I go.
And trying to explain it to you
the best I can.
There's little houses.
Looks oh, oh, there's this.
Yeah, there is a man, a monster
man, picking up a person, a
little baby person, and moving
them on the chess board.
It's an interesting scene.
Very interesting. We got people
running.
It's kind of chaotic, actually.
And there's one guy who's
talking to the little people.
He's got his hat off to him like
he's nice.
And there's somebody who's
trying to take a house with a
rope. He's trying to take these
people on a.
They must be on a platform or
somehow something. Their house,
he's trying to drag them with
the rope. There's a big hammer.
It's kind of violent.
Oh, and there's a castle on the
back. There's a guy running to
the castle, actually, two people
running to the castle. They're
both men. You know what I'm
noticing?
Most of these characters are
men. There's only two women in
here and they're both with their
hands up against the men, one on
the left and one on the right.
oh one is trying to offer
flowers. I don't think she likes
him very much.
Uh.
No, no. Very interesting
picture.
Umm.
What else can I tell you about
this? Have you gotten the gist
of it? There's some hills.
Yeah, I wouldn't want to go
here.
#END_unfriendly_giants I
wouldn't want my kids to see
this.
{All right, so that was about 3
1/2 minutes.}
{Sometimes you see words talk
about what the picture.}
{And you don't have to read
them. That's for your own
information. OK, you would you
description and yeah, I like
that you're saying, oh, there's
a castle. And then just pointing
out what you see. I think that's
really good to continue doing.
So let's try another one.}
{And again, you can just start
talking when you're ready.}
{Hmm.
Hmm.}
#START_being_a_pirate OK, this
is also a picture book.
Probably for children, little
bit older children and it's in
color.
And it's a pirates.
There's little pirate ships with
the I forget what you call those
skeleton skulls flags.
And um.
There's several several many
little boats. OK, I'm going to
count for you
1234567891011121314 15 probably
at least 15 boats surrounding
this big boat.
Looks like this are kind of a
conflict going on here. That's
probably the pirates.
If I could read that better, I'd
know a little bit more, but it's
too small for my eyes.
People are trying to escape, I
think, and some boats are going
down.
There's an island that the
people are actually trying to
get to.
They're trying to get to the
island.
Or get.
And probably get to the island
away from the ship. It looks
like they're running that way.
Yeah. So if they get off the
boat and they get in a little
dingy.
They can get to the islands and
they can survive this attack by
the pirates.
Now, being that the Pirates
would probably be flying those
flags, those are probably pirate
boats, and then maybe these are.
Some kind of.
People they've captured from
somewhere.
This is also a little bit of a
violent scene.
Being I don't really know it
says that.
Ohh shiver me Timbers. I don't
think this parents are very the
pirates are very smart and I can
tell you.
That this scene is supposedly a
250 years ago.
And it's in the daytime.
Because there's birds flying.
And it doesn't look too cold.
I actually think if I look
better, it might be some.
God, I don't know if I want to
call him prisoner. There's some
boats with people that are
wearing the same color clothing.
So they were like probably being
held captive.
Our team of some sort that got
captured.
And there's somebody jumping off
the boat that looks like they
don't want to be on that big
boat. They want to get out of
that big boat.
And get to that land.
Uh.
Any way they can.
Our picture. You and me are over
a little bit of it, but I can
see that the island goes up
higher.
And there is, there are the
little.
Boat people I think are actually
being successful in attacking
one of the pirate ships, which
is very interesting.
And there's also a big octopus.
And you know, this octopus is
holding on to people.
Like maybe if it's a friendly
octopus, they could be helping
him to the boat.
But if not, there are. Yeah, I
think they're helping with
helping. Yeah, it's a friendly
octopus. Then there's some.
Sharks, I think, waiting for
somebody to jump in the water.
Yeah. Oh, I see somebody
threatening to push somebody
into the water. Looks like some
kind of king or something. A
big, big leader is going to push
somebody in the water near the.
Near these sharks.
I think I need better glasses.
And is the
Think that boat going to go down
soon.
#END_being_a_pirate And there's
just water being shot out at
other people. It's another place
I wouldn't want to be.
{Well that was about 5 minutes.
That was good. Ohh wow.}
{OK, OK. So we're continuing on
with another complex scene.}
#START_airport OK, so I'm not
like all that knowledgeable
about this character called
Waldo, but I do know about
where's Waldo and so this is
going to be a Waldo scene. It's
also in a color
book, cartoon characters book is
open, full spread ad and we're
at the airport.
What's happened at the airport
is that a helicopter chopped
down all the flagpoles.
So.
People are in kind of a chaotic
state. They're running, they're
inside the airport, their
luggage is coming down.
They're getting off the plane.
They're on the tarmac, they're
on the buses. There's a fire
engine.
There's a couple of other planes
that are just stable. There's
even air balloon and a
helicopter airplane in the air.
There's a.
What you call that blank? Blank.
What do you call that? Blind.
Not a blintz. That's food. You
know the Goodyear blimp, blimp,
blimp. The Goodyear blimp. So
what happened was, if I'm
reading correctly, there was a
smuggler that was caught hiding
watches under his beard. He must
have had a huge beard.
And a herd of elephants.
Was getting into a jumbo jet.
Now that is very strange.
We've got people transporting
animals in.
I guess what would I call that?
Not a pallet Jack, but a truck,
truck, truck, bed. And there's
people, as I said, getting on
the buses. oh one guys even got
binoculars watching the whole
thing.
So we got a lot of things
happening here. Some people are
getting their luggage, some
people are going away. Ohh
people are flying paper
airplanes.
And there's also.
Which looks like a fire truck,
but they're spraying water on
people. Maybe those are the bad
people.
There's a really old fashioned
airplane kind of like.
I forget their names. You know,
the ones who created will, the
brother Wilbur brothers. And
it's got it. People are kind of
jumping into it from a cart.
Maybe they're thinking that's
their getaway. That particular
plane has a
four of .four Spades, I think
it's four spades. Yeah, four
spades on it for some reason.
There's actually a lot of
there's also a spaceship in the
sky.
This is like all hell broke
loose at this airport. It's like
weird, like like a time travel
thing. Yeah.
Yeah, so it's kind of messy.
Out of the three pictures, this
one I would deal with more than
the other two like reality. I
could deal with this because
I've done airports.
Yeah, it's more common place.
#END_airport but very odd.
{How long did I go now?
About 3 minutes. So OK, this
one's a little harder to
describe, yeah.}
{Alright, so.
Alright.
This is where we left off.}
{OK, another complex scene.
Again, just describe what you
see.}
#START_picture_this Well, I
think this is also a Waldo book,
you know. Where's Waldo?
Evidently he's a character that
travels the world.
And it's again an open face
book, probably for children, and
it's got a bunch of framed
pictures of what would be
Characters he's met on his
travels.
There's animals, there's looks
like, there's people with
shopping and all I see like in
Mexico where they sell the hats,
they walk down the beach with
the hats. We've got just regular
old people.
Like a man.
Jungle person a cowboy.
Been to a lot of different
places. This Waldo guy, a double
sided fish.
Oh, some some. What do you call
it? Sumo wrestlers?
A man walking with a.
Umbrella and a suitcase.
Or somebody got hurt. He took
the picture right when that
person fell on the floor.
We've got some sports people,
we've got some animated cartoon
dogs. I don't know where that
would have been in reality, but
that's OK.
Uh, we've got people on the
beach.
We've got other um not
unrealistic, but that's the word
I'm looking for.
Make believe, make believe
pictures of like.
Man playing with a fish object
like a big old.
I can't even think of what that
is. Crocodile. Friendly
crocodile.
We've got a man hanging over
some rails.
They're supposed to be according
to the instructions or the.
Verbiage that there should be 4
characters that appear twice.
Now that is going to be hard for
me to find right now explain to
you.
4 characters that appear twice.
The funny thing I want to tell
you about is all these objects
are framed except for two.
One on the on the left side
looks like a bird. A tiny bird,
no?
Nope, not framed. And on the
bottom right, there's a caveman
walking.
So let's see if we can find any
of these matching pictures.
Not going to be easy for me.
Hmm.
The mishmash of all sorts of
things.
Reality make believe.
Obviously things he's seen on
his travels.
Takes a lot of pictures.
Gotta come from Caveman talking
to each other. He's got a
donkey, got upside down. I think
that's him. I think waldo.
Hair sticks up in the air and
he's upside down.
Pictures upside down. At least
we have a running cacti.
We have a bucket of water going
into blunt plunging into the
water it looks like.
We have somebody who's got a
bunch of, I would call it
Fiesta.
either balloons or stretchy
things?
Like a party party.
We've got got a king sitting on
the world.
With some kind of spear.
We got two people on a on a Jedi
jet rocket engine. Oh, and then
we have two kids that are in
like a little.
Little.
You know on the carnival where
you get in the cars, but it's
not really a car, it's like an
animal, yeah.
{Got, got. I gotta get new
glasses.}
We got a tree. Oh my God, this
is so funny. We have a tree that
has eyes and arms.
And it's sticking out tongue.
And we have a weird picture of
like a hand hand this four rings
on four fingers.
#END_picture_this I'm still not
able to find any of these four
matchings very hard. {Yeah,
that's OK, you don't have to do
that. And yeah, you took about 5
minutes and towards the end when
you were listing what you see
was really good.}
{All right. So that's our
examples of complex scene. So on
this study we also show another
type of pictures, which are
graphic novels.}
{And there are a series of
pictures that tells the story.
Um, again, describe what you see
and what is happening. We're
aiming between 10 and 15
minutes, but the stories, each
of them have varying lengths and
I'll let you know. So the first
one, it's about 5 slides.}
{Um, again, aiming between 10
and 15 minutes as you describe
what you see.}
#START_arrival-1 OK, what I see
is 9
Old fashioned block pictures.
And it looks like a tic tac toe
board. That's how they're
positioned. It's in a sepia is
what they call I believe. It's
not black and white and it's not
color. It's kind of muted brown
and what I think it is.
Is.
Is each of these pictures is
depicting
Taking the photo on the upper
left hand corner.
And then somebody picks that
photo up. This is a picture of
like an old-fashioned picture of
older people and a child, maybe
like a like, what would be my
grandparents or my great
grandparents? They're taking off
a mantle and they're going to
wrap this photo up very
carefully.
So you can see that there's two
hands taking something
protective to wrap this photo
in.
Or actually, it's not a photo,
it's a framed photo.
Umm, very old one. So in this
world, the 3rd frame, now we've
gone the first one on the upper
left is just the picture of the
older couple and the child. The
middle one is you're moving
right now that that's one in the
middle is the hand picking it up
off the mantle, the one on the
very
Far right on the top.
Of this grid is the two hands
wrapping it up.
Delicately. Delicately. OK, now
you're going to jump down to the
middle row of this nine grid
picture.
In the middle left.
Is the two hands for this
individual very carefully
wrapping up this old
Photo photo frame. He's tying it
with something. I'm guessing
it's a he. OK.
They are tying it up with some
kind of twine.
And in the bow. And then the
middle picture showing that he's
tightening it.
And it looks like he's preparing
to on the next slide.
Open a suitcase that he's going
to put it in something to safely
keep this photo.
So again, we're at the second
level. We're moving, we're
working down from this picture
if we were to number these
pictures.
123 across, 456 in the middle,
and 789 on the bottom. We're now
at #6, so I'm moving pretty
fast. I hope that I'm not moving
too fast for you.
So for picture #6 we got these
two hands opening up what looks
like a suitcase.
Or some kind of travel item.
we open it up and we're moving
down to what I call slide #7.
He is now now securing this
piece of luggage with the
either, whatever, whatever it
comes with.
Some kind of locking device?
We can see that his left hand is
holding it down, holding down
this rope or whatever it is, and
the right hand is pulling it
tight.
Then you see that he's closed
this this device. So you're
going to presume that this photo
that was being protected by this
delicate wrapping and the tied
bow is going to be inside this.
Object that he's securing
because the last picture, which
is what would be in #9 if you
went across these nine slides,
123 across, 456 in the middle,
789 on the bottom right, #9 now.
And he's almost like blessing
it. He's got his left hand or
his right hand kind of on top of
this object that's going to
secure this photo.
This framed photo of his, you
know, back in the night, 1800s,
probably.
And it's almost like he's
saying, you can feel him saying,
OK, now this is all secure. I've
taken care of this photo of my
family or my family's friends
from way back in the 1800s. I'm
taking it. I have taken it off
my mantle.
I've wrapped it securely.
I'm going to wrap it, tie it
tightly, but not too tight, just
tightly enough to secure that it
stays safe, and then I'm going
to put it inside.
Another secure device.
Which is going to be hide it
from people actually, you know,
I mean I could be trying, he
could be trying to hide this
object protected forever.
And he locks it in and slide #7
again.
He's taking one hand. His right
hand holds the rope down.
So left hand holds rope down,
right hands and you know what's
interesting?
How did this person take
pictures himself?
Somebody else had to be here.
Yeah, so anyways, we're in the
slot #8 and he's shutting this
case or putting it most pushing
the side. That's what he's
doing. He's hiding it. He's
going to slide it under the bed
somewhere.
And then adapted. The number 9
is where he's saying I'm done,
it's safe.
Secure and only I am this
photographer know where this box
is going to be kept?
{So I still have about ohh, I'd
say at least five more minutes.
Oh, we're going to move on.}
OK, let's move on. So this looks
like it's the same.
Uh.
Environment that these the
previous nine slides were from.
In this particular instance we
have
Again 9 slides on the left hand
side of the screen and on the
right hand side of the screen we
have a what I would call like a
5 by 7.
Also the sepia. It's all sepia.
Still, this is the couple that's
a man and a woman.
We're on the left right hand
side now because this is giving
us a much more clear picture of
what was happening in the
previous.
Slides it looks like they have
Pulled out this luggage.
And they are either
Getting ready to pack it.
Well, they've already packed it.
My guess is that they have not
yet packed it.
Because in this picture this 5
by 7 you can see several objects
on their mantle. There's a paper
mache or a paper. What do you
forget what you call that? But
Origami.
An origami bird, there's a clock
that says.
10 after 10.
There is.
I'm looking to see what else is
on the mantle that they are also
on the.
On the other pictures.
Uh-huh. Below the mantle is a
man's hat.
And a some kind of clothing.
Hanging on hooks now, but again,
this is like back in the 1800s.
On the other side of us, under
the mantle, is some.
Sketches that were made by
children.
Or you would think it was
children.
One of them I can barely see,
but it might be a picture of
that origami bird.
Because one a little bit larger
sketching.
The black and white crayon.
Sketching.
Escape. Uh, I guess you call it
sketch. I was going to say some
kind of.
I don't know a pencil sketch
it's actually of.
The photograph of the the man,
the woman and the child. So
perhaps the child drew the
picture. And in this picture we
also have the bird and we have a
sunshine.
And a heart
The reason I can see that detail
is because.
This.
Sketch is also on our.
Tic Tac toe board.
Similar to the previous
Example.
I'm probably confusing you, but
I'll go back.
Now this male and female are
about actually
Late 30s, probably.
And they're packing. They're
getting ready to pack this this
picture in this luggage.
Now they've also been having
some coffee.
And they have a coffee pot. Or
maybe it's tea hot, whatever it
is.
Some drink they're going to
share. OK. The reason I
mentioned that is because that
coffee vessel.
Is also in one of the
screenshots on the left hand
side of the screen in our tic
Tac toe board.
So I'm trying to describe to you
5 by 7. That's giving me a total
picture. And then on the other
side of the screen, left hand
side of the screen, we have our
tic Tac toe board.
Of specific items that are in
the big picture.
So I'm going to go back to the
tic Tac toe board and tell you
again.
In slot #1, Upper left is the
paper mache origami bird.
The next one #2 slot is that
clock that said 10 after 10.
The third one is a separate
picture of just that hat and the
clothing that I mentioned was
hanging on the
Board behind them, behind them.
The mantle. The fireplace.
Underneath the mantle.
Now when we get down to slide #4
in our tic-tac-toe board,
I see a pot and a spoon, and now
when I look more clearly at the
big picture
That's a cooking vessel and a
spoon that's sitting behind this
couple on a cooking place. Or
maybe it's a sink, but it looks
more like it's a cooking area.
It looks like there's a
Clay or something cement where
you could cook.
OK, so follow me so far.
In number 5 we have that
wonderful sketch that that that
we assume a child did. The
sketch that is
Affect similarly of the real
photo, the photo of the two
parents we would think, and the
child.
Moving over to the slot #6 tic
Tac toe board, we've got our our
ceramic coffee pot. This
actually has a crack in it.
Looks like to me.
Then we've got down to slot #7.
I didn't mention anything to do
yet about this, but next to the
coffee pot on the table in the
big picture.
Underneath.
The coffee cup that's closest to
the front of the picture.
There's some what looks like
money.
So they're probably traveling
somewhere.
They're definitely trying to
secure their items.
The next one is kind of sneaky
slot #8.
You get to see inside that
suitcase.
Looks like there's clothing. I
can barely see the wrapped up
photo. I don't see anything with
the twine wrapping, but I can
see that stuff is in there.
And then finally, what we get to
is the sepia picture photograph.
Of the the man, the woman and
the child, that was the picture
that was being wrapped.
So you got this whole
scene, but now you're getting
more information than you had in
the first
Set of slides.
Much more detail.
I'm going to guess their they're
going somewhere.
{He's going to clarify what I
meant, so.}
{Let me just go back. So um when
I said five slides that means so
this is 1 slide which is one
page that scan from the book and
this is the second slide where
our two are two pages from a
book.}
{Um, so graphic novel contains
multiple of these slides. So now
we are two pages or two slides
into one graphic novel.}
{OK, right. So how much time do
you want me to spend on each
one?}
{Which one will be slightly
different? Usually spend between
10 to 15 minutes on the full
item book. Yes. OK, so I was
doing too much. Yeah. So OK, I
thought it was supposed to be 10
minutes for each one of those.}
{Each one of these would be.
One item that you do but.}
{There are actually multiple
pages of the same, right? So I
can keep going, I can. I don't
have to expand on it anymore
than necessary.}
{It once. And you don't have to
go back and say, yeah, yeah, OK.
Sorry about that. No, no, that's
fine. That's why we do this,
which is made to make sure. OK.}
{So this is the third.
Section of this graphic novel,
and again we have.}
{Like what I'd call slides now,
on the left hand side of the
page there's actually 12 of
them, so we're dropping an extra
line in our tic-tac-toe.}
{And I'm going to describe those
first.}
First one, we have a little girl
sleeping.
These are also the the Brown
pictures, the sepia pictures. I
think the whole thing is going
to be like that.
The second picture of this
little girl is her with her
opening her eyes while she wakes
up. The third picture is where
she's really getting up. She's
yawning. She's adorable.
She's rubbing her eyes.
And assuming she gets out of bed
and the 4th, 4th small slide is
her eating her breakfast.
Now she's looking to the left.
On the slide before she started
to eat her breakfast. Now then.
The next photo is she's also
eating her breakfast, but she's
looking to the right and what I
believe is that she sees.
That luggage
And that and that's in the sixth
slide.
She sees
Luggage. And then that we we see
in the next one down is the man
putting on his hat, the woman
putting on her.
Shaw over her head, which was
probably what was hanging on the
mantle.
And then addressing the child to
go somewhere, she's getting a
warm hat on and she's helping
them.
The next one down, which would
be #10 now
Is somebody putting on shoes.
I believe that would be the
woman because it doesn't look
like pants.
The middle picture there is the
little girl holding onto this
luggage.
And the last picture there.
Is the man reaching out to help
take someone's hands or the
luggage. Moving over to the
right hand side of the page, you
can see that this family is
walking down a alleyway.
In the old days.
And they're walking all holding
hands, and we have the luggage.
The odd thing about this is
there's like a shadow of a
dragon.
A Dragon's tail.
So I don't know where what where
this is or what this is, but
that's kind of.
I don't know. Out of the
ordinary. Ordinary.
OK now.
We're going to go into the 4th
pace, the 4th section of this
book, and we see at the upper
left hand corner we have three
slides and then we're going to
have one in the middle that's
just like a 3 by 5 and then
three more down the bottom.
Left hand side we have a little
girl wondering what the heck is
going on. Where are we going?
Why am I here?
Let's start the next picture.
After that, we've got her being
a little bit more consoled. You
can see that the the holding
hands more tightly. The third
picture of this little girl, she
looks a little concerned, like,
what the heck is going on?
Um, but you can see what's going
on in this 3 by 5 in the middle.
There's a train coming, and
they're going to have to get the
heck out of town.
I'm not sure yet whether they're
all going, but it looks like
they're almost saying goodbye to
this little girl in the next
picture.
Uh, gentlemen, the next photo is
takes his hat off and he's got
that origami bird.
She must like that bird, OK? And
he gives it to her. That's the
end of that left hand side of
the page.
Right hand side you see him
giving it to her and his hands,
his arms around her and next he
gives her a hug.
And the next one after that,
she's looking at him.
Can't see him anymore. She
looked at him and she's holding
up bird. OK, so now we're saying
goodbye. The next row of photos
is the woman crying.
The woman hugging her, the male
with her hankie in her hands and
the third one in that row is him
giving her a kiss.
Think I'm figuring this out.
He's getting on the train.
He's going on the train and they
are. The next picture is all
three of them holding one hand
each, and then the next one
after that shows them separating
hands.
Kind of sad. Train. On the way
you can see the smoke and then
the train, you can see the back
of the train, the caboose.
And then all you see is like the
smoke.
So next I'm wondering what's
going to happen?
Ohh let's see. I think I know.
This is when the man.
Ends up going to where he's
going. We've got another tic tac
toe board.
Where you can see that he's
unpacked, he would guess what
he's unpacked because he's got
his picture of his family. He's
got it sitting on top of what
looks like a.
Either the suitcase or a table.
He's eating some soup.
He's now looking out of what's
probably a submarine.
And you can see him, see him
quite well in that in the first
window from the submarine, then
it gets smaller.
Then it gets to the next photo.
After that, there's only you can
see three windows, so you can
see that this is moving away.
This is a graphic novel of him
going away to the war, probably.
Then you got us some photo of a
submarine with several.
#END_arrival-1 I don't know 12
Windows you can see this moving
further away because the next
photo you can see more of the
submarine and then basically you
just see a submarine and you
can't really see the windows,
it's just really far away.
{Alright.
So that was that part of the
story, yeah. How did you?}
{Did that feel OK? Do you
understand, like kind of how it
goes?}
{Yes. I was just trying to spend
more time than I thought I
needed to in the beginning. OK,
so now I hope I'm doing OK for
you. Yes, because you said isn't
this you're supposed to describe
someone who can't see it.}
{Describe what you see. Yeah,
just describe what you say.}
{So it's not like the first one
was like Waldo where I was
trying to tell you about it,
right?}
{OK. OK. I'll go more like to
myself. OK. OK, got it.
The other one just has three
pages. OK, OK.}
#START_arrival-2 All right, what
do I see here? I see again some
old
sepia pictures could be
photographs, could be sketches.
We start out with.
What I think is the a couple and
maybe a daughter or son with
luggage waiting to go somewhere.
The next one is also same, same
idea. There's like these three
men with waiting with their hats
on and their luggage.
Then you move over to the next
sketch. It's a woman's thing
staying with the baby. It looks
like the man is leaving. His
back is towards her. Looks like
the man then gets on a
Some kind of traveling? Not sure
if it's a boat yet.
He's writing in a journal.
He's going to tear out a page.
And he tears out the page and he
makes the.
An origami bird bird, just like
we were saying before.
And.
Looks like.
There's more.
Birds gonna be made by either.
The other people on the boat.
For him, if he's the only one
who knows how to do it.
We've got pictures of him
looking back and now all these
birds.
Are up in the air. I think
they're on string.
That's probably where that one
came from later.
Or could have been earlier.
But this guy evidently makes
paper birds.
OK, so.
This doesn't look like a war
scene. I mean, it's not a
submarine anymore. It's like
people coming into Ellis Island.
There's a left hand side of the
page on the right hand side of
the page, and I'm just saying
outside because it looks like
New York.
Looks like a bunch of people in
the late 1800s coming over on
the boat.
And there's some skyscrapers in
this in the background.
And on the right hand side, I
can't say I'm all that familiar
with it, but this might be
people going to a country that
I've never been to. It could be
somewhere in Asia.
You've got these big
Ohh.
Concrete looks like structures
of something that you would see
when you go visit somewhere.
But you know what?
I think I might see in the ocean
there as people are.
Heading towards this.
Looks like a Jewish star. Maybe
other Christmas tree.
There's lights in the ocean and
it's kind of weird. If it was up
to me, I would try and find out
what this picture is all about.
I don't know. It's got a bird in
it though.
Yeah, that's about it.
Oh, that wasn't a Jewish star.
That was a clock. OK, so we got
this ship, big ship, and the
birds.
And the buoys
And we can see those people on
the.
OK, now we're going over to the
right hand side.
And we see some of these people,
there's some of them look a
little concerned like they're
going to a new lands. We've got
one guy trying to be.
Well, he's not trying to be. He
is actually the leader. He's got
a megaphone. He's telling him
what to do.
Here's a good piece of the
puzzle. They're unlocking that
boat.
Unlocking the boat. Getting off
this boat now.
Man picks up that luggage.
There's other men and women
getting off the boat. They've
got some food with them, they've
got luggage.
Men.
You see them, actually, they're
actually descending from the
boat. You can see that it's the
they're going down the plank.
And now the final picture.
They're all waiting in line
#END_arrival-2 with their
luggage to get to a new land.
{OK, so that was the part of the
story.
And we're going back right now
to complex scene.}
{Ohh boy.
OK.}
#START_wild_west Oh boy, there's
a lot happening here. This is
another Waldo.
Cartoon, cartoon, book and the
pages kind of fit together as
usual. It's kind of expansion.
Is back in the wild, Wild West.
And while Waldo not only travels
a lot, he's a he travels in
different time frames. Remember,
we saw him in different places
earlier.
For a very far away time time
wise. So this is like the wild
Wild West and the gold Rush
which is coming more towards the
current time.
We've got a hotel, we've got a
saloon, we got a general store,
we got another saloon.
Oh my God, there's another
saloon. They just do a lot of
drinking back in the day. They
actually have a bank.
oh 1 more saloon! That's funny.
I caught on to that one.
Everybody can have a place to
drink, OK.
Got a bank, about 6 saloons,
Store, 2 hotels, hotels or hotel
as my grandchild
Would say. lots of people.
There's horses.
And interesting the horse is
touching a picture of a carriage
some, and there's lots of stamps
with like I don't know why they
have these stamps in here. Maybe
that's how you mail a letter.
I don't know. There's a bison.
Looks like it's some kind of
animal that's no longer around
so and we've got wanted signs. I
hope that doesn't say Waldo it
might because like the thousands
of dollars from wanted for these
people outside the Sheriff's
Office.
Umm, like I said, it's a gold
rush, so they've got gold mine
signs.
And people are climbing ladders
to.
Because the the lie the livery
is unstable. I don't think you
should be on a ladder near the
unstable. There's a blacksmith.
There's a guy fixing the roof.
And just, uh oh, there's a
train, train, there's a train
coming to town. There's going to
be lots of people to go to those
saloons.
#END_wild_west Yep, Yep.
{OK, good. OK. So this would be
the last one we do, but it's, we
have 10 minutes and there's
about 20 pages. It's a story.}
{Sorry, sorry. We're supposed to
be done at 1111, yes, OK. Is
that OK with you?}
{Yeah, I hold on my second. My
husband was confused. OK?}
{Alright, yes, I can have 10
minutes. OK, well, we need this
for for last next time. Sorry.
That's OK. I can do it. He's
just he's just looking at.}
{OK.
OK.}
{Well, I wish I could make
increase my screen, but this is
another.}
{I think going to say a graphic
novel, yes, and.}
#START_journey It's it's it's
interesting because it's also in
that sepia mode
with the exception of 1 item on
the right hand side which is
scooter like I like not a kind
of scooter that you you put 1
foot on and then you use the
other one.
Move on the ground.
So what I see here is that this
book is written for somebody
named Josephine, and there's a
tribute to this Josephine. The
book would not have been
possible without the help of
great friends and that other.
And you can see on this picture,
there's some children playing
with their bikes. And I take it
back, there's a little bit more
color in this. There's some red
lights.
There's a kid holding something
that has some purple.
And there's a fire hydrant.
We're outside some kind of
cement area, like outside, where
kids are playing out in the
neighborhood, not really like
the playground or anything. You
get over to the right hand side
and you've got this kid sitting
outside of a building complex.
It looks like maybe this kid is
sad.
Because the other kids across
the block are playing and this
person's all alone.
And with the red scooter and
what I would think from the rest
of this sketch on the right hand
side of the book is that the
child lonely because not only is
not playing with other children,
but the family is doing things
inside the house without them,
like the fathers
On the computer, the mothers in
the kitchen, the living room
looks empty.
And I can't see what's up in the
upper right because you and I
are covering it anyways. So it's
OK. I can just that's where I'm
at right now. This this child is
a little lonely. OK, so the next
page is.
The child in the kitchen with
the mother who's on the phone
and cooking dinner or lunch,
whatever it is, cooking
something. Child has the red
Scooter.
And she's probably saying, hey
mom, can you come with me? I
would like to go out on my
scooter.
Well, that mom's not going
anywhere.
Hmm. The next down sketch down
is the dad.
Just focused on his computer.
Little girls behind him pretty
much begging to go fly a kite.
Got a red kite.
And the next one is probably a
big sister, if not the mother.
Sitting on. it's a big sister.
On the couch with probably with
her camera looked like a camera.
little girl
I can't tell what she's got in
her hand, but it's red again and
it's like she wants to go play
ball so she can't get anybody to
play with her.
So the next slide on the right,
she goes to her room and just
sulks.
There's nothing red in here.
There's a cat.
Just sitting in her bed.
Yeah, yeah.
All right. So now what's going
to happen?
Left hand side of this book. Her
cat got bored and going outside
the front door.
He's getting ready to get up.
Yeah, she get ready to get up in
there. She sees paper on the
floor and a red crayon.
Kind of like the purple crown
that guy had in the beginning.
She got up and she walked over
to those papers.
And this is so cute.
She starts with the papers, but
she decides to go on the wall.
She's drawing an exit.
He's going to leave that room.
But not through the same door
she came in is her fantasy room.
She's going to go. It's got a
bright red and green for she's
outside. She's leaving those
papers. She's going outside.
There she is, her magic door,
going outside the garden.
Or the park where there's lots
of lights and big trees and
she's free. She still doesn't
have anybody to play with.
But she's out in the open. She's
got looks like a pond or a
stream.
And uh, lots of lights. Big
trees, big trees. Ohh, she's
going to do more with that
Crayon.
She goes out on a dock.
But there's still these
beautiful hanging fixtures and
lights, and she's now going to
draw a boat. It's pretty smart
kid. He's drawing a boat. It's a
canoe, actually.
She's laying down on the dock,
using that red crayon to draw
boat canoe. Canoe. Sorry. And
you know what? Once that once
that canoe is solid red, she's
in it. She's gone. She's out of
there. She's going to go to her
magic Castle.
And the Castle has a Moat.
Yeah, she's going to ride in
that castle.
And I can't tell.
There's other people. There's a
few other people there, yeah.
Not, not like a bunch of kids or
anything, but yeah, she's going
to go on in there.
They're waving to her, I think.
Yeah, they are.
They're like, greeting her like
she's royalty.
Yeah, but a nice fantasy
fantasy.
Ohh no. What happens now?
The
canoe is going to go off a
waterfall. Ohh this is very
interesting and I don't think
that people can savor they're
either waving goodbye. I think
they're yelling out to her.
Yeah. Hurry. No, no space. She's
just like complete like a water.
It's end of the bridge just has
no
Ending. It's just she just falls
off.
And now she falls off.
It looks like she falls out of
that red canoe and then she has
to circle back. She's probably
going to go back home. Ohh no,
more creatively she's going to
be in a red balloon.
And everybody's waving goodbye
to her. Yay. You got more
freedom. She's in a red balloon
air balloon. And then I can't
really see what's going on the
right hand side.
But it looks like.
she's up in the sky.
Can't tell what else that is,
but there might. She might be
with other Sky machines.
Yeah, that's what it looks like.
Yeah.
Other sky machines with.
Someone's gonna capture a bird.
They have a bird cage.
They might be in a little
trouble, but I don't think she's
going to be in too much trouble.
Ah, she's going to land on this
air machine.
Where
they're capturing that bird and
bird cage.
And it's this is a fantasy
vessel.
I don't know much about these
kind of things.
But yeah, you can tell.
She's going to run. She got, she
got out of her balloon and she's
running down this air machine.
This vehicle that's in the sky
has found the vehicle and I
think she's going to climb up to
the men
Who were worried about her.
And the ones they had captured
the bird bird. Not sure if
they're the same ones as worried
about it, but they are
definitely the ones that capture
the bird.
OK, now she's going to take that
bird away from them and she's
running.
even though they have Spears,
she's running.
And next thing we know.
She sets the bird free at the
end of this vessel. Yep, there's
a bunch of other people inside
this vessel, but they can't see
her. The two guys with the
Spears, they're chasing her.
And that little bird is set
free, just like she was.
And now they're going to drop
her down in that bird cage, I
think. No, it's not the bird
cage, some kind of other cage.
They're gonna, they have this
wheel and they going to wheel
her down. They're probably going
to put her back in her house. I
don't know.
Alright, here we are. She's in
this.
Cage that's being dropped down
off his air machine and the bird
is now bringing her her red
crayon.
He takes the red crayon. She's
holding on to the bird.
Is drawing something else now.
The bird is going to oversee
her, protect her. She's still
making this drawing on the
ground. It's a square. It's
going to be a rectangle of some
sort.
Oh my gosh, it's a magic
Rug magic blanket. And she's
gonna fly to the sky out of that
cage. Over
All of this
Castle lands. This is different
lands. She's going somewhere
else now, but she's on her
little red carpet and the birds
leading her way.
OK, so the red carpets now over
the the nighttime sky and
mountains.
And they're stars in the sky.
she's following that bird, the
birds taking her to somewhere
where there's one palm tree
solitude.
OK, so she gets to the land. She
still got her red blanket and
her crayon. The bird evidently
has a home here.
It's in the tree in that one
single palm tree.
So the bird is evidently asking
her to open the door. It's a
purple door, just like the bird
is purple.
The open door that bird goes in.
She is going to follow that bird
in.
Now.
Interestingly enough, the bird
comes out on the other end at
the same place we saw the young
boy with the purple crayon.
And the girls following the this
purple bird coming out of what
looks like a mailbox. She got a
red crayon. And now?
That red light we saw in the
very beginning.
Is green and it shows that you
can cross the street.
So it looks like the girl and
the boy have now become friends.
With the Purple bird, the boys
now befriending the bird.
She's making a circle with her
red crayon and he's using his
purple crayon to make a circle.
Let's see what's gonna happen
next. Ohh, they made a bicycle
built for two.
The interesting part is for me
is that the red wheel is what
he's riding on with his purple
crayon and what the purple
wheels, what he designed for
her, and she has a red crayon
and she's the leader she's
pointing. Let's go forward.
#END_journey And the birds
following them.
{That's good. That's a really
big guy. Can only.}